account+view pages updated and account page added (#241)
OctoMind-dev/mintlify-docs: edit-test-case.mdx

  />
</Frame>

## Save and run edits

> `Save & run` you test case to see if it works. You can click on the `run only` button if you want to validate the test first before saving it.

Author: ```suggestion
`Save & run` your test case to see if it works. You can click on the `run only` button if you want to validate the test first before saving it.
```

Btw, we will warn you if you try to leave without saving the test case.

<Tip>

>   Double check that your newly edited test is active - the toggle is `on`, if

Author: ```suggestion
  Double check that your newly edited test is active - the toggle is `on`. Your active
```

>   you want to run it in your next **test report**.

Reviewer: maybe `- the toggle is on. Those active test cases will be executed in your next test report` ?

> tests will run it in your next **test report**.

Author: ```suggestion
  active tests will run it in your next **test report**.
```

>   you want to run it in your next **test report**.

Author: ```suggestion
tests will run it in your next **test report**.
```
